>> Brian: Okay, so I'm gonna give you one
more suggestion on how to make this drop
even further, and
we're actually going to not include react.
What?
Okay, [INAUDIBLE] we're
gonna include preact.
So, just one last thing.
There's another library called preact
which I didn't really think was
reliable until recently but it has a lot
of traction behind it, it's written by
a really smart, one really smart guy and
a great community around him.
It's a drop-in compatible
library to react,
and it's only three
kilobytes If you gzip it and
compress it,
whereas react ends up at about 80ish,
gzipped and compressed.
>> Brian: The caveat here is it doesn't
include everything that react includes.
It doesn't include propTypes,
it doesn't include React.createClass.
It only includes ES6 class and
>> Brian: Functional components,
stateless functional components and
some other very minor differences.
However, they do ship what's called
the compat library, that for
an additional 5k, they will
support all of those features too.
So real quickly,
this entire app that we built with react,
we're going to rip it out and
put Preact in.
With just a little bit of Webpack magic.
>> Speaker 2: Before you do,
there's a couple of comments
about using Uglify and Webpack-b.
You don't use Webpack-b
if you're using Uglify.
>> Brian: Is that the,
that's probably what my-
>> Speaker 2: I think that's what they're
saying the bug was.
>> Brian: Alright, so In any case,
we can drop that because you
are using it with dash p.
>> Brian: Okay.
Yeah, see we ended up with the same thing.
So this is ready to
ship out to production.
But we're gonna try and see if we can
shave off some of the additional K off of
that bundle using preact.
So I want you to go to
your webpack config.
>> Brian: And
we're gonna do an additional field.
It's gonna be alias.
>> Brian: Every time we ask for react,
we're gonna serve it preact-compat,
which is that react replacement library.
And every time it asks for,
we have to put this in quotes,
'react-dom', we're also gonna
give it preact-compat and
this library is as far as I know 100%
compatible with the react API but
it just serves preact instead.
>> Brian: Okay then another thing we
need to do is preact does have to be run
through babble so we just have to
make sure that that is happening.
>> Brian: So in this include,
I'm gonna put that in ray.
And we just have to
give it one more thing.
We have to do path.resolve.
>> Brian: node_modules/preact-compat/src.
So everything that comes from there
also must be run through Babel as well.
>> Speaker 2: Resolve is misspelled,
it's reslove.
>> Brian: Thank you.
>> Speaker 2: I think you also
forgot comma after your alias.
>> Brian: I probably did.
I'm losing my mind.
Thank you.
Okay, and that's it.
That's all you have to do.
This will drop in preact for you.
So [LAUGH] let's see if
this actually works.
>> Brian: Boom.
>> Brian: Did I spell alias wrong, too?
No.
>> Speaker 2: Aliases.
>> Brian: No, I have alias in my.
>> Brian: Now why is that
>> Brian: This is inside of resolve, okay.
Yeah.
>> Brian: So inside of resolve, next to
extensions, that's where the alias goes.
>> Brian: So, we drop from 218 to 96.
Just from switching from react to preact.
And supposedly, I haven't bunched
those marks up myself, but
I can tell you that supposedly preact
is actually faster than react.
So it's an interesting thing
that you should evaluate.
We're not using it at Netfli,x but
I'm gonna try and see how well it
works with our Netflix code base.
But let's go actually [LAUGH]
make sure that it works, right?
If it doesn't work then
it's not that impressive.
>> Speaker 2: Richard is asking
what about the ecosystem?
Will all the react library components
be compatible with preact?
>> Brian: Pretty close The only
thing which I purposely did not
talk about today is it
doesn't do mix-ins at all.
React does have the ability to do mix-ins
that they're trying to deprecate because
they're awful.
That's why I don't even talk about them.
But says yeah, we're not messing
with that so they don't do it.
But other than that, I haven't personally
seen anything that it didn't interoperate.
>> Brian: The other thing is, we would
have to go fix our server to get this to
server side render, and I'm not gonna
do that, but it's not that hard.
So, if you wanna get this to
run server side rendering
you do have to go modify your server.
It's not as easy as dropping in
pre- it's pretty close though.
>> Brian: So A D A, and
there you go, it still works.
>> Brian: Pretty cool, right?
>> Brian: It's a, yeah.
>> Brian: Yep, so there you go.
That's Preact.
There's also one called Inferno,
which is pretty closed to.
It's even smaller than preact and
supposedly even faster.
But I don't think that's
a stability of preact.
So preact in my opinion
is valuable alternative.
It's something that's definitely
evaluated if youre doing react.
Because you get to take advantage
of all the reacts ecosystems but
much smaller page load.
But I leave that up to you to decide
if that's what you want to do or not.
And as you see here, it's really small.
If we moved everything
to es6 components and
we started using the preact package
instead of the react package, we would
drop an additional 5K off our package,
so there's It's pretty compelling.
Any questions about preact?
I've only tooled around
with it just a little.
I wanted to make you aware of how
easy it is to migrate to preact.
They do an awesome job, so thanks preact
team and preact team, thanks to both.
>> [LAUGH]